Daddy pig is making
vegetable soup for lunch.
Daddy, can I help?
Thank you, peppa. Can you clear
away all these vegetable peelings?
Ok.
Stop, peppa. Vegetable
peelings don’t go in the normal bin.
They go in this brown bin.
Ooh
Banana
That’s right, george. It’s a banana skin.
And there are onions and carrots and all
sorts of fruit and vegetable leftovers in here.
Granny and grandpa will like these
Do granny and grandpa
pig eat potato peelings?
Hahaha. No, peppa.
They’re for grandpa’s garden.
They help his plants grow.
Oh!
We can take these round there after lunch.
Oh, goody.
Hehehe…
Mummy pig peppa and george
are taking the vegetable peelings
over to granny and grandpa pigs house.
We are here.
Hurray!
Grandpa pig, grandpa egg.
We’ve got a special present for you.
Ah. Vegetable peelings.
Fantastic.
My garden will like these.
Does your garden eat vegetables?
Hoho. No peppa. These
peelings are for my compost heap.
What’s that?
I’ll show you. Here it is.
It’s a wooden box.
Yes, peppa. But it’s a
very clever wooden box.
I put these peelings in the top and then
out of the bottom comes lovely rich earth
Called ‘compost’
How does it do that? Is it a magic box?
Hoho. No, peppa. I’ve got some
little friends that give it some help.
Where?
In here. Look
Ah. Wriggly worm.
Wiggle, wiggle.
The worms turned all the fruit
and vegetables into compost.
Grandpa, can we find some more
wriggly worms for your composting?
What a good idea!
Come on, george. Let’s find
some more wriggly worms.
A wriggly worm.
Wiggle! Wiggle!
You are a wiggly worm.
How do you do? I love you.
Haha! Well done!
Be a good wiggly worm.
And turn it all into compost.
Then, I can use the compost to…
I know, I know. You put a seed
in the ground,cover it in compost
And then it grows into a tree.
Hoho. Yes, peppa.
And talking of trees, we’d
better go and help granny pig.
She’s collecting fruit in the orchard.
What’s the orchard?
It’s where you find fruit trees.
We’ve had this orchard
since i was a little piggy.
Hehe
Hello, granny pig.
Ganny pig.
Are you going to help
me collect some apples?
Yes, granny. Oh, the
apples are too high up.
Don’t worry, peppa.
Granny and grandpa have
a little trick to collect the apples.
Everybody hold on to the tree
On the count of three,
shake the tree as much as you can.
One, two, three!
It’s raining apples!
Haha
Granny, can we have an apple please?
Of course, peppa.
Mm…delicious
And can you guess what
we do with the apple cores?
Eh..
Wiggle, wiggle!
That’s right. The apple cores go
into the compost for the worms.
Clever george.
And clever wiggly worms, too.